README.md, before:

[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d8d7bdb96b1c43e28181c573e8c3434d)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/Seagate/cortx-manager/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Seagate/cortx-manager&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade) [![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx-manager/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue")](https://cortx.link/join-slack) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Video-YouTube-red)](https://cortx.link/videos) [![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Seagate/cortx-manager)](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx-manager/graphs/contributors/)

<!--
CORTX-CSM: CORTX Management web and CLI interface.
Copyright (c) 2020 Seagate Technology LLC and/or its Affiliates
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
For any questions about this software or licensing,
please email opensource@seagate.com or cortx-questions@seagate.com.
-->

# CORTX-Manager

CORTX Manager provides APIs which communicate with different CORTX components and features. These APIs are consumed by CORTX Management Portal and CLI.

## Get CORTX-Manager Ready

Jump to the [CORTX-Manager Quickstart Guide](CORTXManagerQuickstartGuide.md) to set up CORTX-Manager. 

## Contribute to CORTX-Manager

We are excited about your interest in CORTX and hope you will join us. Refer to the [CORTX Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) that hosts all information about community values, code of conduct, how to contribute code and documentation, community and code style guide, and how to reach out to us. 

We take community very seriously and we are committed to creating a community built on respectful interactions and inclusivity as documented in our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Reach Out To Us

-   Join our CORTX-Open Source Slack Channel to interact with community members and gets your questions answered. [![Slack Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/cortxcommunity/shared_invite/zt-femhm3zm-yiCs5V9NBxh89a_709FFXQ?)
-   If you'd like to contact us directly, drop us a mail at cortx-questions@seagate.com.

## Thank You

We thank you for stopping by to check out the CORTX Community. We are fully dedicated to our mission to build open source technologies that help the world save unlimited data and solve challenging data problems. Join our mission to help reinvent a data-driven world.

Commit message:

Added Disclaimer that This project is not maintained anymore
Signed-off-by: Shailesh Vaidya <shailesh.vaidya@seagate.com>

README.md, after:

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx-manager/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue")](https://cortx.link/join-slack) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/Video-YouTube-red)](https://cortx.link/videos) [![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Seagate/cortx-manager)](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx-manager/graphs/contributors/)

<!--
CORTX-CSM: CORTX Management web and CLI interface.
Copyright (c) 2020 Seagate Technology LLC and/or its Affiliates
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
For any questions about this software or licensing,
please email opensource@seagate.com or cortx-questions@seagate.com.
-->

# Disclaimer: This project is not maintained anymore
# CORTX-Manager

CORTX Manager provides APIs which communicate with different CORTX components and features. These APIs are consumed by CORTX Management Portal and CLI.

## Get CORTX-Manager Ready

Jump to the [CORTX-Manager Quickstart Guide](CORTXManagerQuickstartGuide.md) to set up CORTX-Manager. 

## Contribute to CORTX-Manager

We are excited about your interest in CORTX and hope you will join us. Refer to the [CORTX Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) that hosts all information about community values, code of conduct, how to contribute code and documentation, community and code style guide, and how to reach out to us. 

We take community very seriously and we are committed to creating a community built on respectful interactions and inclusivity as documented in our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Seagate/cortx/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Reach Out To Us

-   Join our CORTX-Open Source Slack Channel to interact with community members and gets your questions answered. [![Slack Channel](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/cortxcommunity/shared_invite/zt-femhm3zm-yiCs5V9NBxh89a_709FFXQ?)
-   If you'd like to contact us directly, drop us a mail at cortx-questions@seagate.com.

## Thank You

We thank you for stopping by to check out the CORTX Community. We are fully dedicated to our mission to build open source technologies that help the world save unlimited data and solve challenging data problems. Join our mission to help reinvent a data-driven world.
